Offline driver initialisation refactor continued (#472)
CABLE-LSM/CABLE: documentation/docs/user_guide/inputs/cable_nml.md

| filename%fxpft                   | character(len=500) | any string of max. 500 characters                          | uninitialised                    | Plant functional type fraction, wood harvest and secondary harvest file.                                |
| filename%fxluh2cable             | character(len=500) | any string of max. 500 characters                          | uninitialised                    | 12 land-use states into 17 CABLE plant functional types mapping file name.                              |
| filename%gridnew                 | character(len=500) | any string of max. 500 characters                          | uninitialised                    | Updated gridinfo file name.                                                                             |

> | filename%trunk_sumbal            | character(len=500) | any string of max. 500 characters                          | '.trunk_sumbal'                  | Input filename for combined fluxes at each timestep (control run)                                       |
> | filename%new_sumbal              | character(len=500) | any string of max. 500 characters                          | 'new_sumbal'                     | Output filename for combined fluxes at each timestep (current run)                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filename%trunk_sumbal            | character(len=500) | any string of max. 500 characters                          | '.trunk_sumbal'                  | Input filename to read combined energy and water balance at each timestep (control run). Used when `consistency_check` is TRUE |
| filename%new_sumbal              | character(len=500) | any string of max. 500 characters                          | 'new_sumbal'                     | Output filename to write combined energy and water balance at each timestep (current run). Used when `consistency_check` is TRUE |
```
